The Prologue

My teenage life revolves around a mental illness, which I don't know what it is called. The voices in my head, one says to kill everyone who calls me a liar or a madman. The other one was my ex, Angelina. Several more joined the party when I fell to depression after Angelina died.
She bled to death.
I live in a space station in the year 2048 after a worldwide nuclear war broke out between North Korea, China, and Iraq against the rest of the world. During the war, a secret society of scientists and their families moved underground by 16 kilometers below the surface and developed nuclear fusion and a way to travel to space without the use of rockets. At first, the machines were called portals but due to the final discovery, it was named the “Multi-dimensional Matter Manipulator.” Or you can just call it MDMM for short. Once it was stable we were able to transmute and transfer matter through higher dimensions to space on relative time. It was like practicing black magic in the 1800s. We were able to easily extract different types of on a 99.99% purity and then transmute them into energy and then into another type of atom.
I’d say the term “One man’s trash is another man’s treasure” is now obsolete and should be, “One man’s trash is also his treasure.”Thanks to the 4th and 8th dimension we were able to scale up objects and manipulate matter positions in both dimensions and then move them to the 3rd dimension into space. By the year 2028, we’ve already finished designing our space station and is ready to transfer the data into the machine. Calculations were made down the-the 8th decimal point to avoid multi-dimensional errors. By 2032 the space station was already orbiting the earth and shielded by a massive EM field to avoid detection from deep space telecoms. By the time all food was already created and transferred into the station itself, along with a copy of the machine itself. In the year 2038, all families were being transferred through higher dimensions and then into the space station. Although some of the family members has lost their way while traveling through interdimensions.


Chapter I: The Inception

At the age of seventeen, I met Angelina on a Saturday night. I was walking through the hallway to the local jazz pub, the waiter asked, "Where would you like to sit today?" Just as I was going to answer the waiter, I spotted someone on the corner of my eye. Someone brooding over their problems, pale skinned, black haired  down to her waist. She had black glasses and was scrolling through her phone. Seated at a bar and sipping on red wine from Bordeaux 1996, she was wearing a black turtleneck with blue jeans. I immediately followed my instincts, blank-minded like new paper. I told the waiter, "The bar will do." Once seated, the bartender stood in front of me silently smiling and waiting for my order. I said, "Jack Daniels on the rocks and an ashtray will do."
    It was Jazz Night at the Black Ivory, jazz bands from around the city came to play. Angelina, took her last sip of her wine. She then took out a box of Marlboro Red from her purse, I offered one of my Grey Hound mini cigars. We both lit our cigars and the bar was rapidly filled with sweet, soft and mellow tobacco.

Angelina Chen: "Your name??"

Charlie Fischer: "I'm Charlie, Charlie Fischer. And you are?"

Angelina Chen: "I'm Angelina, So you here for the music or the drinks?”

    I smiled at her and said, "Both, I've been coming here every Saturday for the past three months. They never cease to amaze me with their service and music." Angelina stared at me for a while then asking if she could buy me a drink. Surprised by the question, I answered, "yes." With a soft voice, she told the bartender, "Hey James, Petite Mort for two. It's on me." The bartender nodded and pushed a small button next to a mini-fridge on the bar. A black tile on the floor popped up. The tile was a hidden alcohol cellar filled with what seems to be homemade brews. James then pulled out a bottle covered in dust and labeled “Starlight”. James then asked me, “How will you like your drink, sir?” Confused by the question I looked at Angelina for help  and she said, “A good shake will do.” James then continued in his bartending.
    The drink was served in a martini glass with three blueberries which sat on the bottom. Just as I place my hand upon the glass, I pondered on how the drink has a light blue tint. Angelina said, “You know Alexandre Schmitt? The inventor of this drink. He was a nazi bartender in Munich during the invasion of Poland. Apparently, he was my great grandfather’s uncle.” She then lifted her glass and said, “They’re not all bad you know?” I nodded awkwardly and we both took a sip and silently placed our drink back onto the bar. This drink, Petite Mort: A drink that tastes like sweet blueberries with sparkling wine.
    One Mort, two Morts and three, anyhow we drank all night. I only remember, I had left earlier than her and walked home instead of taking a taxi. I woke up on a cold and rainy Sunday morning on the January 1st. I took a shower, ate some microwave food and walked out of my apartment building with an umbrella. Walking towards the skyline station to the city center, the gray concrete walls splashing with water, and glass skyscrapers like crystal waterfalls. The chaotic tapping on my umbrella above my head, I started to feel fuzzy and anxious. I could hear voices in my head asking, “What’s your time of death?” I took a few deep breaths and sat down by the skyline station. With every deep breath I take, the voices echo on repeat until I bought the tickets. On the train platform, the musty and cold humid air blew by a gust of wind, made me sniffed my nose and stuffed my hands in my pocket. It’s 9:36 AM and my train are arriving at this station by 9:40. I reached the city center by 9:55, I got off the platform and walked to a bookstore by the 23rd Atomica Street. Standing in front of the bookstore, my friend from middle school: Aaron J. Olivia. My friend Aaron Olivia saw me and waved at me, he said, “You’re late!”

Charlie: “I know, I know. I overslept...”

Aaron: “Why are you looking at me like that?”

Charlie: “Like what?”

Aaron: “You have a hangover, don’t you-”

Charlie: “Shall we go in? It’s raining.”

    Aaron glanced at me and said, “No shit, Sherlock.” Aaron then pushed open the door and said greeted the owner Cassie and her assistant Voras.

Cassie: “Hey guys, looking for books or computer parts today?”

Charlie: “It will be booked for me today.”

Aaron: “Hey Cassie. Got any new parts in stock?”

Cassie: “Yeah, we got the new qCore(s)”

    The conversation blurred out as I spotted one of the books in the Codex section. I walked over to the shelf, the book’s title was, “Codex Genesis.” When I got hold of the codex in my hand, Cassie shouted, “Put that down! That codex’s half a century old and there’s only one copy!” I immediately placed the codex back down and asked Cassie, “What is this book about?”

Voras: “Codex, not a book!”

Charlie: “Yeah, codex. So what is it about?”

Cassie: “The Codex Genesis was written by the first Artificial Intelligence called Nikolai created by Dr. Beechville. The machine was only given the ability of speech. When Dr. Beechville was     diagnosed with cancer, so he asked Nikolai to compile all of the Doctor’s work.”

    I asked, “So, in that codex is a manual to making an artificial being?” The conversation went on and on for almost half an hour. Cassie then asks if we needed coffee and suggested the place Coyote Beans.






Chapter 2: Transistors and Lavenders

    After the long discussion, the rain hadn’t stopped yet. Cassie, Aaron and I were walking across to 21st Atomica Street to Coyote’s Beans, we went in and ordered three Lattes and one espresso for taking out. As we waited for our coffee at the bar, our drinks were served by Angelina. She looked dreadful, tired and worn out. Eye bags and bloodshot eyes, looking at me wide open. She said, “Have we met somewhere?” I replied, “Yeah, yesterday at the Black Ivory.” She gave a small smirk and said I might see her later. Aaron and Cassie staring at me like wolves asked in unity: “Who is she?”

Charlie: “I met her at the Black Ivory last night”

Aaron and Cassie said, “What’s her name?”

Charlie: “Her name’s Angelina.”

Aaron: “How old is she?”

Charlie: “No clue, didn't ask.”

Cassie: “Or maybe, you were too drunk to remember anything”

Aaron: “Did you bring her home?”

Charlie: “I’m not that type of person...”

Aaron: “Liar.”

Cassie: “Anyways, should we talk about the idea you told me, Aaron?”

Aaron: “Later, after Charlie has his coffee.”

Charlie: “What?”

Aaron: “Later Charlie, later...”

    I stared at Cassie as I slowly lifted my cup of steaming coffee and took a tiny sip. Cassie was smiling at Aaron as if she poisoned my drink. As I turned to Aaron he looked away and attempted to conceal his laughter. Cassie said: “Do you really not remember what day it is?”

Charlie: “Nope, not at all.”

Cassie: “It’s your birthday! You god damned idiot!”

    Aaron started to giggle like a little child and said, “How can you not remember your own birthday?” I replied,  “Well...I...hmm, just shut up...” Aaron then told me to, “wait here.” Aaron walked outside under the rain hood lit a smoke and called someone on his phone. Minutes later he walked back in and told Cassie, “It just arrived at your shop.” Cassie smiled and called Angelina for our check. As Angelina handed Cassie the check, she asked me “Will you come by the Black Ivory tonight? Cassie and Aaron, you guys are welcome to come as well!” I told her that if I’m free I will go have a drink or more. As we left the Coyote’s Beans in rain and into Cassie’s shop. As we opened the door Voras welcomed us back and told Cassie that a package has arrived and that it’s in the studio downstairs. I stared at Cassie and Aaron as they told me that the studio downstairs is my room now. I guess they knew why I’ve been binge drinking.
    As a broken man who suffered from heartbreak syndrome, psychosis, and dissociative identity disorder. Whom drinks every night and had a shitty life and a shitty job was just about to start anew. Shattered from within and reforged with gold seams by his dear friends. Finally, a place to call home.
    As I walked downstairs I saw a metal door with a small window and a fingerprint lock. Cassie, Voras, and Aaron followed behind and told me that only the four of us has access to this room. Once I opened the door, a vast underground space was revealed. It wasn’t claustrophobic and even had a zen garden at the end of the room. Right by the entrance, there was a canvas-made divider that spanned towards the end of the room for about four or five meters. And behind that was my new bed. And a room next to the zen garden was my bathroom. And in the middle of the room, there was a box, more like a bundle of large packages and parts for a machine or furniture. Voras told me to open the boxes as I please and then left the room with Cassie, leaving behind Aaron with me.

Aaron: “I’ll help you set up the furniture and you can open the tall boxes.”

Charlie: “Thanks, how do I ever repay you guys?”

Aaron: “There’s no need to worry, this building was owned by your grandfather before he sold it to     Cassie’s father”

Charlie: “I see, but all these things?”

Aaron: “It’s a reminder for your own birthday and in addition, we’ve never bought you a gift for ten years. So yeah, does that answer your question birthday boy?”

We both started laughing out of anxiety and awkwardness as we opened the boxes.

Aaron: “Two black and cushioned office chairs a glass office table and a chess board extension. And     you?”

Charlie: “I thought you knew everything that’s in here?”

Aaron: “Nah mate, Cassie bought all the tech and I bought all the furniture.”

Charlie: “Well-then, We have 3 medical chairs, wired helmets, a gigantic screen and a quantum computer. How the hell does she have money for all of these?”

Aaron: “She did say that the quantum computer and the helmets were a gift to you from the International University of Nanotechnology”

Charlie: “Well then, I should pay them a visit.”

Aaron: “You don’t usually say that.”
        A silence broke our conversation and we continued to unboxing and assembling everything. As soon as we were done Aaron and I went back upstairs, talked to Cassie for a few minutes before heading our own ways. By the time it was already 3:00 PM. I guessed I have to go back to my “old” apartment to pack things up. By the time I left 23rd Atomica street on the skyline it was already 3:21 PM. At the time, the voices would appear again. Consistently asking: “Who are you, are you dead?” This time I felt nauseated and suicidal. Every time I blink I would see eyes and faces on the interiors of the skyline car. I started cold sweating and shivering from the fear and the distortion of my reality. The child and her mother sitting beside me stared straight at me. I felt the anxiety building within my heart and mind. With every beat of my heart filled with discomfort and fear. I quickly got off the next at the Einst station, rushing to the public bathroom to preserve some sanity. I locked the door and sat on the toilet seat cover as I listened to people walk in and out the bathroom. Counting each footstep very carefully seemed to have calmed me down after a few minutes.
    By the time I reached home it was already 5:01 PM. I locked my door and decided to take a steaming hot shower. I walked in my bathroom, stared at myself for a few minutes before remembering that I had forgotten to carry a towel with me. I grabbed my blue bottled lavender shampoo and poured enough just to fill a section of the palm of my hands. As I scrub my torso, arms then legs. After showering, the time was 6:07, I didn’t realize how much time I’ve spent in the shower. After drying myself, I walked over to my computer and called up my Digital Personal Assistant on my computer. “Hey, Transistor” as I sat down on the office chair. My computer pops up into life. The sounds of motors speeding up and blinking lights on my computer case. After a few seconds a new window pops up containing, “Hello Charlie, what do you need today?” I typed in, “I need to buy moving boxes and a moving service.” A few web pages then popped up on the screen, I then selected a moving service for Friday and ordered seven four by four-foot boxes which will arrive on tomorrow evening according to “speed service”. I thought to myself “Ironic.” Then got off my chair and grabbed a microwave dinner package labeled “Cream Mushroom Pasta”, I microwaved it for forty-five seconds on and served it at room temperature, and I thought to myself  “A heartless dinner, maybe I should talk to someone tonight.” As I finished my cream mushroom pasta and threw away the packaging and plastic tray my doorbell rang. Triggering one of my “small” panic attacks, I slowly and cautiously walked over to the door and checked through the camera on my door. A girl with curly hair and a set of gray glasses. It was Cassie, when I opened the door she stormed in with three small boxes. Told me to get dressed and that I have a date tonight. Frozen in place and perplexed by the idea of me going to a date tonight I told her: “A date?! When the fuck did I have a date tonight?!” She didn't say anything else except “It’s a surprise.” And pushed me into the bathroom with the three boxes then closing the door behind me.
    By the time we left the apartment it was already 7:32 PM. Dressed in a black suit and dark blue tie, I was dragged onto Cassie’s Levi Cycle and was told to hold tight. She then wore her yellow helmet and hit the power button. As the bike floated up I grabbed onto her shoulder really tight and said: “Is it safe?” out of instinct. All I could hear was “Just hold tight!” and the humming sound of the bike. Suddenly the bike jerked forward and then smoothly sped up. A few minutes later we arrived at the Black Ivories. She pushed me off the bike and told me to wait. Cassie then opened the bike seat and dragged out a dress. 15 minutes till eight and she walked out of the dark alley by the bar. Dressed in black and strapless, a v-cut and a long dress. Holding a blue purse.

Charlie: “So that’s why you’re taking so long.”

Cassie: “But I’m not your date. Just a friend.”

Charlie: “Hopefully not with a complete stranger like last month…”

Cassie: “No you dumbass, remember the girl who serviced us at Coyote’s Beans?”

    I stared at Cassie for a few minutes in slight shock and anxiety, “Why would you set me up with Angelina?” She merely replied: “she’s a cousin of mine.” And walked out into the bar then saying “Are ya comin or nah?” I nodded my head and followed her up the black steel stairs. The same host seated us at the same place I sat with Angelina. This time James asked me: “Who’s the lovely lady?” and I simply replied: “Just a friend of mine.” James leaned forward slightly towards me and softly and quietly said: “She’s really beautiful, are you sure you’re not lying?” Cassie seated beside me blushed and said: “He’s here for Angelina” James gave us a smile and asked us what we would like for tonight. This time I ordered a Memento and Cassie ordered a Bloomtini. I asked:

Charlie: “What’s a Bloomtini?”

Cassie: “Not a glimmer of idea, Angelina made it up.”

Charlie: “But what does it taste like?”

Cassie: “It smells like lavenders and has a slight wine tang.”

Charlie: “Lavenders? That’s a given...”

    I lit up another one of my mini cigars and asked for an ashtray. The lively chatter in the background despite the cold weather outside, that’s the thing about jazz pubs. No matter how blue your day is. When you come into a place like this, you lose the sense of anxiety and depression due to the music. That’s a specialty. As Angelina walked in, the chatter slowly fades and the musicians slowly fade into slow jazz blues. She walks up onto the stage with a long cyan dress and picks up the microphone and starts singing: “The rainbow blues, is not my forte to see. The lonely day, filled with people from outer space. The lovely land was once a lonely land. I raise my hand and pledge to see all farewell now. It’s a lonely world. Swimming in space and time. As we spin, around the once beautiful but now deadly land. And I raise my hand, to wave farewell to the planet earth.”






Chapter 3: Little Death.

    When she bowed and thanked the other customers for listening. Her song made realized that I’ve forgotten that we are in an artificial world built of not silica but metal, neither is their primordial life. Spinning around the once lively earth but now covered in coarse radioactive dust. We were the last ones standing. The artificial rain and the 25 percent oxygen. All down to perfect numbers. Allowing our so-called “world” to actually be called home. A space city. She walked off stage and seated beside me at the bar. She ordered three Petite Mort(s) and James did his magic for us. Angelina: “Hey, you look good today. What’s up with the suit?” Just as I was saying, “I thought you knew” Cassie stomped her feet and pinched my back. I glared at her for a second before realizing she set both of us up and then continued saying, “I’m trying a new thing.” Cassie drunk on her first drink already let out a slight chuckle with her red face from the burning alcohol.

Angelina: “Hmm”

Charlie: “What is it?”

Angelina: “Very interesting...”

    I stared at her for a while ash she smirked and rubbed her cheeks suspiciously then resting her arm on the bar and asked me for a mini cigar.

Charlie: “Now you’re just messing with me. *chuckles*”

Angelina: “Am I?”

Cassie: “Not at all”

Charlie: “You don’t get to say anything”

Cassie: “Who? Me?”

I face-palmed and handed Angelina a mini cigar and offered to light it for her. She then said something unexpected, “So, do you like coding and solving problems?”

Charlie: “Maybe, why do you ask?”

Angelina: “Maybe it’s because you’re mysterious?”

Charlie: “Well if that’s your reason. Then yes, I do love solving problems and coding.”

Angelina nodded suspiciously again and shortly after our Petite Mort was served and Cassie quickly gulped it down and chewed on the blueberries. A while after Angelina’s song the pub started to play, “Almost Blue” a classic from the 19th century originally played by Chet Baker. Angelina then asked me whether if the singer’s voice is similar to the original record. I answered with a poker face, “The voice is quite similar, if not the same.” She nodded suspiciously again. Cassie placed her hand upon my left  shoulder, leaned forward and asked: “Will you send me home today~?”

Charlie: “You’re the one who dragged me here and you can’t go home yourself?”
Cassie: “Don't be an ass and help me later okay?”
Angelina: “There’s no need for that. We have a guest room above.”
Cassie: “Oh? Well that’s interesting.”

I pinched Cassie’s ears to shut her up and asked Angelina if she could go upstairs now.    Angelina then asked James to bring her upstairs and get her a change of clothes from Angelina’s room. Angelina said, “You look anxious”

Charlie: ”Do I?”

Angelina: “You do, let’s cheers then”

We clinked our martini glasses and took two sips together. She looked at the band as they finished the song and Angelina shouted across the room: “Ladies and Gentlemen! It is now 8 o’clock! It’s swing time! Free drinks for one hour and half price on all items after 12!” The crowd cheered and orders started to pile up.
The merry crowd and the swing jazz playing loudly in the background. Angelina then asked if I would like to play a game with her. I nodded quickly and then she ordered Rainbow Shots from James and he rapidly served seven colored shots on a cricket bat shaped board. Each with different flavour profiles and fruit jellies for the extra aftertaste.

Angelina: “Every rock paper scissor you loose, you take a shot and an another shot of vermouth”
Charlie: “Challenge accepted!”
Angelina: “Let’s do this!”

    Shots after shots, I lost four rounds and Angelina lost three rounds.






Charlie: “You got me real tipsy”

Angelina: “So am I, lets finish our Petite Mort then and call it a night?”

Charlie: “But it’s only 8:23, can you stay with me for a little while longer? Perhaps we should sit at the lounge. I’ve had a long day”

Angelina: “Erm.. Yeah, why not? By the way, all drinks tonight with you are on the house”

Charlie: “I can’t, at least let me pay for the whiskey and Cassie’s drinks”

Angelina: “I'm not sure if I could--”

Charlie: “No worries.”

We moved to the lounge after ordering a bottle of Ocean Blues Whiskey and two pairs of whiskey glass containing a sphere of ice. Angelina sitting cross legged staring at me with her red face, I suppose she is much more drunk than me. A moment of silence occurs and she covers her face, a few drops of tears drops from her chin and onto her cyan dress.

Charlie: “What’s wrong?”

Angelina: “It’s just that you and Cassie remind me of my sister and I”

Charlie: “I didn't know you had a sister”

Angelina: “Well, we weren’t blood related. I was born into an orphanage and took in by the Chen family

Charlie: “Sorry for asking, I truly am.”

Angelina uncovers her face and looks at me with her red and teary eyes.

Charlie: “Let’s finish this drink and you should go rest. I’ll call Aaron to pick Cassie up.”

Angelina: “That would be fine, although I haven’t talked to Aaron properly.”

Charlie: “You should, we research things together.”

By the time we finished bottle of Ocean Blues Whiskey, Angelina was already knocked out cold. I turned over to James at the bar for help and he just walked over and told me, “Let her sleep. It is her house after all, and i think your friend arrive a few minutes ago.” I thanked James and Aaron is finally here, instead of picking up cassie he just went and sat down at the bar without saying anything. Just sitting there with a glass of 1979 Golden Black whiskey on the rocks,
I wonder what’s with him. He looks troubled and stressed. I walked over to him one step at a time from my drunk brain, and patted him on the shoulder.

Charlie: “Are you okay man? Is there anything on your mind?”

Aaron: “Nothing man… nothing huh, welp, after this glass I’ll go and pick her up. So no worries Charlie.”

Charlie: “Take care of her and yourself then.”

Aaron: “Wait Charlie, I think I know someone you might like. He’s an old friend of mine, will introduce him to you later.”

Charlie: “Sounds cool, we’ll talk about it tomorrow it’s already 11:47 PM . Now get your ass up and pick her up already.”

He got up, told me, “He’s on his way already.” He then lit a cigar and walked towards the stairs. A few minutes passed and they finally came down. Aaron has a troubling face and says “Did you put some shit into her drink again, how the fuck did she get so drunk. Ugh fuck!”. I glared at Aaron’s annoyed face and thought to myself, “I’d never really put anything in though.”

Charlie: “Need any help?”

Aaron: “Nah, but I think the dude upstairs needs a hand. He’s hitting on Cassie, and started to piss her off so I punched him in the guts.”

I let out a sigh and said, “Not my problem, you should control your physical actions a tiny bit more”

Aaron: “By the way Charlie, wait for me here I’ll come back after sending Cassie home I will bring my friend too. See you in a hour.”

Charlie: ”But I thought you said he’s on his wa--”

    Aaron left without looking back

Chapter 4: May The Solar Flare Kiss Thy Cheeks

Around 50 minutes later Aaron and his friend is finally here. It’s 12:19 and they are here apparently his name is Kim Il Suk, sound like I heard that name somewhere before. We mostly talk about the new religion, that originated in New-Seoul. I can’t really remember almost anything after that, all i know is that we all went home around two AM in the morning.

I wake up at 11:40 AM, “it’s finally sunday huh” i thought to myself. Cook myself some “real” food, here we go. “Butter, onion, parsley, mix mince meat, chicken stock, last but not least some dried mushroom, and finally a good shot of premium russian vodka, for the food and for me and now lets it simmer for a while” I talk to myself while listening to some classic jazz. After a quick shower and the food, Aaron called me.

Aaron: “Hey Charlie, wanna hangout? I’m with Kim right now”

Charlie: “Yeah, I am free after all where are you guys at? Be there in a sec”

Aaron: : “We are at New-Seoul, Wan Jun Guk Nae Cafe near the New-Seoul SLT station”

Charlie: “See you there”

    Now that I think about it the Church of the holy flare also originated from there. About half an hour later I’m finally there, Aaron and Kim is sitting in the cafe talking about something. I went inside and start to greet them lightly.

    Kim: “You know there’s a weird conspiracy going around the Holy flare’s church”

    Aaron: “All I know is that they said that there’s someone messing with the EM shield”

Charlie: “Well even if the EM shield is gone nothing gonna happen anyway, peoples back on Earth would have been dead by now”

    Aaron: “well true, no one should be able to survive all those radiation”
